# Install OS & Setup(OOBE)

## Install Windows

Windows 10 Home (64-bit)

### BSoD Driver/Device

#### Disconnect Internet
*BEFORE* Setup Windows (OOBE) - *UNTIL* Disable the device from Device Manager (steps below)  
Windows Update will downloads driver from Internet that causes BSoD.  

(device name: "PCI Simple Communications Controller", "Intel(R) Management Engine Interface")

It causes BSoD even disabled the device, but the PC reboots normally.
Then you can use the PC without BSoD.

**! If didn't, causes BSoD immediately after boot(login screen).** *(RIP Windows, you were good)*  
(It can causes before account creation, if so below recovery not working due to no access to defaultaccount0)

If installed BSoD driver:

1. Wait (repeat BSoD) until boot to recovery.
1. Run command prompt
1. Execute `dism /Image:C:\ /Get-Drivers` and find BSoD driver (Hint: System, Intel, heci.inf).
1. Execute `dism /Image:C:\ /Remove-Driver:oem?.inf` to remove it.

### Local Account

I don't like link to Microsoft Account, so I use Local Account.  
There are 2 ways.

1. Disconnect Internet (done with BSoD Driver's process)
2. Dummy Account: Type "*example@example.com*" and "_password_" and get error for security.

Set username to **user**, password to _none_ (Because I don't use in outdoor).

**Tips**: Windows filesystem is case-insensitive, I have Linux experience and confused.
So cannot make "Windows.csv" (version history) and "windows.csv" (for building)

P.S. To create this document, I inspect about BSoD driver and get BSoD sometimes. on no again im angry :(
